[21121] IPayloadPool refactor (#800)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/rtps_layer/rtps_layer.rst

* |IPayloadPool::get_payload-api| overload with SerializadPayload parameter:

>   Copies the given Payload data to a new Payload from the pool and ties it to the :class:`CacheChange_t` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Copies the given Payload data to a new Payload from the pool and ties it to the :class:`CacheChange_t` instance.
```

>   Each :cpp:member:`SerializedPayload_t` contains a pointer to the pool that owns the original Payload.
>   This allows certain certain optimizations, like sharing the Payload if the original one comes from this same pool,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Each :cpp:member:`SerializedPayload_t` contains a pointer to the pool that allocated its data.
  This allows certain optimizations, like sharing the Payload if the original one comes from this same pool,
```
